fix(resources): update navigation help on available kits (#128)
gravwell/training: Search/search.tex

The netflow generator will run indefinitely, generating flow records,
until killed.

> Now, we will install a kit (Chapter \ref{ch:kits}) which contains the MaxMind GeoIP database. In the main menu, select the ``Kits'' nav item. This will open a list of currently-installed kits; if you see ``Network Enrichment'' in the list, you may skip on to the next step. If not, click ``Available Kits'' at the top of the page, then find the Network Enrichment kit and click the deploy icon, as seen in Figure \ref{fig:maxmind-upload}. This will launch a kit deployment wizard; click through and install the kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we will install a kit (Chapter \ref{ch:kits}) which contains the MaxMind GeoIP database. In the main menu, select ``Kits''. If there are kits already installed, you will see them listed under ``My Kits''; if you see ``Network Enrichment'' in this list, you may skip on to the next step. If there are no kits installed, you will be automatically directed to the list of ``Available Kits'' or you can switch to this tab manually if needed. Find the ``Network Enrichment'' kit and click the deploy icon, as seen in Figure \ref{fig:maxmind-upload}. This will launch a kit deployment wizard; click through and install the kit.
```
